Fixed an issue that fetching incidents fails when the format of the t… (#12861)
demisto/content: Packs/McAfee_ESM/ReleaseNotes/1_1_6.md

#### Integrations
##### McAfee ESM v2

> - Fixed an issue where fetching incidents was failing when the format of the time field in the alert was `%d-%m-%Y %H:%M:%S`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where fetching incidents would fail when the format of the time field in the alert was `%d-%m-%Y %H:%M:%S`.
```
